
CODE OF CONDUCT THAT EVERY EMPLOYEE AGGREES TO FOLLOW: 
1 Introduction
IT Consortium takes the subject of information security very seriously. We have a
duty to protect the information that we collect and use for the benefit of IT
Consortium and its customers. As an employee, you will be expected to comply fully
with all of the information security policies that are in place and to report any
breaches of these policies of which you may become aware.
This document gives a summary of the main points of the relevant policies and asks
you to sign to say that you have read it and understand its provisions.
Anyone breaching information security policy may be subject to disciplinary action. If
a criminal offence has been committed further action may be taken to assist in the
prosecution of the offender(s).
If you do not understand the implications of this policy or how it may apply to you,
please seek advice from your immediate manager in the first instance.
This control applies to all systems, people and processes that constitute IT
Consortium’s information systems, including board members, directors, employees,
suppliers and other third parties who have access to IT Consortium systems.
The following policies and procedures are relevant to this document:
● Electronic Messaging Policy
● Internet Acceptable Use Policy
● Mobile Device Policy
● Teleworking Policy
● Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy
● Cloud Computing Policy
● Asset Handling Procedure
● Software Policy
● Access Control Policy
● Anti-Malware Policy
● Information Security Incident Response Procedure
● IP and Copyright Compliance Policy

Personal Commitment Statement

2 Personal Commitment Statement
Please ensure you have read the following summary of the main points of IT
Consortium’s policies with regard to information security.
1. I acknowledge that my use of IT Consortiums’ computer and communications
systems may be monitored and/or recorded for lawful purposes.
2. I accept that I am responsible for the use and protection of the user
credentials with which I am provided (user account and password, access
token or other items I may be provided with).
3. I will not use anyone else’s user account and password to access company
systems.
4. I will not attempt to access any computer system to which I not been given
access.
5. I will protect any classified material sent, received, stored or processed by me
according to the level of classification assigned to it, including both electronic
and paper copies.
6. I will ensure that I label any classified material that I create appropriately
according to published guidelines so that it remains appropriately protected.
7. I will not send classified information over the Internet via email or other
methods unless appropriate methods (e.g. encryption) have been used to
protect it from unauthorised access.
8. I will always ensure that I enter the correct recipient email address (es) so that
classified information is not compromised.
9. I will ensure I am not overlooked by unauthorised people when working and
will take appropriate care when printing classified information.
10. I will securely store classified printed material and ensure it is correctly
destroyed when no longer needed.
11. I will not leave my computer unattended such that unauthorised access can
be gained to information via my account while I am away.
12. I will make myself familiar with IT Consortium’s security policies and
procedures and any special instructions relating to my work.

Personal Commitment Statement

13. I will inform my manager immediately if I detect, suspect or witness an
incident that may be a breach of security or if I observe any suspected
information security weaknesses in systems or services.
14. I will not attempt to bypass or subvert system security controls or to use them
for any purpose other than that intended.

15. I will not remove equipment or information from IT Consortium’s premises
without appropriate approval.
16. I will take precautions to protect all computer media and mobile devices when
carrying them outside IT Consortiums’ premises (e.g. leaving a laptop
unattended or on display in a car such that it would encourage an opportunist
theft).
17. I will not introduce viruses or other malware into the system or network.
18.I will not attempt to disable anti-virus protection provided at my computer.
19. I will comply with the legal, statutory or contractual obligations that the
organization informs me are relevant to my role.
20. On leaving IT Consortium, I will inform my manager prior to departure of any
important information held in my account.
